[KIP-848] Improved KIP-848 related docs for Preview release (#5041)
confluentinc/librdkafka: CHANGELOG.md

- `rd_kafka_DescribeConsumerGroups()` now supports KIP-848-style `consumer` groups. Two new fields have been added:
  - **Group type** – Indicates whether the group is `classic` or `consumer`.
  - **Target assignment** – Applicable only to `consumer` protocol groups (defaults to `NULL`).
- Group configuration is now supported in `AlterConfigs`, `IncrementalAlterConfigs`, and `DescribeConfigs`. ([#4939](https://github.com/confluentinc/librdkafka/pull/4939))
- Added **Topic Authorization Error** support in the `ConsumerGroupHeartbeat` response.
- Removed usage of the `partition.assignment.strategy` property for the `consumer` group protocol. An error will be raised if this is set with `group.protocol=consumer`.
- Deprecated and disallowed the following properties for the `consumer` group protocol:
  - `session.timeout.ms`
  - `heartbeat.interval.ms`
  - `group.protocol.type`  
  Attempting to set any of these will result in an error.
- Enhanced handling for `subscribe()` and `unsubscribe()` edge cases.

> [!Note]

> > The [KIP-848](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/KAFKA/KIP-848%3A+The+Next+Generation+of+the+Consumer+Rebalance+Protocol) consumer is currently in **Preview** and should not be used in production environments. Features and behavior may change in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The [KIP-848](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/KAFKA/KIP-848%3A+The+Next+Generation+of+the+Consumer+Rebalance+Protocol) consumer is currently in **Preview** and should not be used in production environments. Contract could have small changes before General Availability.
```

>  ## Other changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ## Enhancements and fixes
```
